README.md, before:

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135619-d90f2f28-7d12-11e8-8823-82b970a54d7e.gif "Trained Agent"

# Deep Q learning to solve a Navigation Problem

## Introduction

In this project, an agent will be trained to navigate (and collect bananas!) in a large, square world.  

![Trained Agent][image1]

A reward of +1 is provided for collecting a yellow banana, and a reward of -1 is provided for collecting a blue banana.  Thus, the goal of your agent is to collect as many yellow bananas as possible while avoiding blue bananas.  

The state space has 37 dimensions and contains the agent's velocity, along with ray-based perception of objects around agent's forward direction.  Given this information, the agent has to learn how to best select actions.  Four discrete actions are available, corresponding to:
- **`0`** - move forward.
- **`1`** - move backward.
- **`2`** - turn left.
- **`3`** - turn right.

The task is episodic, and in order to solve the environment, the agent must get an average score of +13 over 100 consecutive episodes.

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

To set up the python environment to run the code in this repository, follow the instructions below.

1. Create (and activate) a new environment with Python 3.6.

	- __Linux__ or __Mac__: 
	```bash
	conda create --name drlnd python=3.6
	source activate drlnd
	```
	- __Windows__: 
	```bash
	conda create --name drlnd python=3.6 
	activate drlnd
	```
	
2. Follow the instructions in [this repository](https://github.com/openai/gym) to perform a minimal install of OpenAI gym.  
	- Next, install the **classic control** environment group by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/openai/gym#classic-control).
	- Then, install the **box2d** environment group by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/openai/gym#box2d).
	
3. Clone [this repository](https://github.com/udacity/deep-reinforcement-learning), and navigate to the `python/` folder.  Then, install several dependencies.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/udacity/deep-reinforcement-learning.git
cd deep-reinforcement-learning/python
pip install .
```

4. If you are going to use Jupyter Notebook, create an [IPython kernel](http://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/install/kernel_install.html) for the `drlnd` environment.  
```bash
python -m ipykernel install --user --name drlnd --display-name "drlnd"
```
Before running code in a notebook, change the kernel to match the `drlnd` environment by using the drop-down `Kernel` menu. 

### Environment 
5. Download the environment from one of the links below.  You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

6. Place the file in the previously created/cloned DRLND GitHub repository, in the `p1_navigation/` folder, and unzip (or decompress) the file. 

### Instructions

Follow the instructions in `Navigation.ipynb` to get started with training your own agent!

Commit message:

type: refactor
-Change the Deep_q_learning script to train the model and evaluate after
training
-conda environment upload
-model weights

README.md, after:

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135619-d90f2f28-7d12-11e8-8823-82b970a54d7e.gif "Trained Agent"

# Deep Q learning to solve a Navigation Problem

## Introduction

In this project, an agent will be trained to navigate (and collect bananas!) in a large, square world.  

![Trained Agent][image1]

A reward of +1 is provided for collecting a yellow banana, and a reward of -1 is provided for collecting a blue banana.  Thus, the goal of your agent is to collect as many yellow bananas as possible while avoiding blue bananas.  

The state space has 37 dimensions and contains the agent's velocity, along with ray-based perception of objects around agent's forward direction.  Given this information, the agent has to learn how to best select actions.  Four discrete actions are available, corresponding to:
- **`0`** - move forward.
- **`1`** - move backward.
- **`2`** - turn left.
- **`3`** - turn right.

The task is episodic, and in order to solve the environment, the agent must get an average score of +13 over 100 consecutive episodes.

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

To set up the python environment to run the code in this repository, the easiest way is to import the project environment in your conda.
 	- The provided environment has been exported with __Linux, Ubuntu 18.04 LTS__.
	```bash
	conda env create -f drlnd_environment.yml
	```

If the above has not worked or is not a feasible solution, follow the instructions below.

1. Create (and activate) a new environment with Python 3.6.

	- __Linux__ or __Mac__: 
	```bash
	conda create --name drlnd python=3.6
	source activate drlnd
	```
	- __Windows__: 
	```bash
	conda create --name drlnd python=3.6 
	activate drlnd
	```
	
2. Follow the instructions in [this repository](https://github.com/openai/gym) to perform a minimal install of OpenAI gym.  
	- Next, install the **classic control** environment group by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/openai/gym#classic-control).
	- Then, install the **box2d** environment group by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/openai/gym#box2d).
	
3. Clone [this repository](https://github.com/udacity/deep-reinforcement-learning), and navigate to the `python/` folder.  Then, install several dependencies.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/udacity/deep-reinforcement-learning.git
cd deep-reinforcement-learning/python
pip install .
```

4. If you are going to use Jupyter Notebook, create an [IPython kernel](http://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/install/kernel_install.html) for the `drlnd` environment.  
```bash
python -m ipykernel install --user --name drlnd --display-name "drlnd"
```
Before running code in a notebook, change the kernel to match the `drlnd` environment by using the drop-down `Kernel` menu. 

### Environment 
1. Download the environment from one of the links below.  You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

2. Place the file in the previously created/cloned DRLND GitHub repository, in the `p1_navigation/` folder, and unzip (or decompress) the file. 

## Instructions

Follow the instructions in `Navigation.ipynb` to get started with training your own agent!
